"Thursday Night Jazz: Yoko Suzuki Spotlights the Music of Toshiko Akiyoshi" is at 40 W. North Ave, Pittsburgh.
"Thursday Night Jazz: Yoko Suzuki Spotlights the Music of Toshiko Akiyoshi" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7-8:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "Thursday Night Jazz: Yoko Suzuki Spotlights the Music of Toshiko Akiyoshi" is City of Asylum @ Alphabet City.
The event "Thursday Night Jazz: Yoko Suzuki Spotlights the Music of Toshiko Akiyoshi" is in North Side.
"Ritual Sound Movement Healing Art - Wellness Workshop & Quarterly Immersion" is at 5604 Solway, Pittsburgh.
"Ritual Sound Movement Healing Art - Wellness Workshop & Quarterly Immersion" will be open on Sun., Oct. 20, 10:30 a.m.-3 p.m..
The venue for the event "Ritual Sound Movement Healing Art - Wellness Workshop & Quarterly Immersion" is Wightman School.
The event "Ritual Sound Movement Healing Art - Wellness Workshop & Quarterly Immersion" is in Squirrel Hill.
"Expressing the Unseen: Using Art to Heal After Pregnancy Loss ~ A Free Online Workshop" is at 5604 Solway, Pittsburgh.
"Expressing the Unseen: Using Art to Heal After Pregnancy Loss ~ A Free Online Workshop" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 12-1 p.m..
The venue for the event "Expressing the Unseen: Using Art to Heal After Pregnancy Loss ~ A Free Online Workshop" is Wightman School.
The event "Expressing the Unseen: Using Art to Heal After Pregnancy Loss ~ A Free Online Workshop" is in Squirrel Hill.
"Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest" is at 350 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, Fri., Oct. 18, Sat., Oct. 19, Sun., Oct. 20, Thu., Oct. 24, Fri., Oct. 25, Sat., Oct. 26 and Sun., Oct. 27.
The venue for the event "Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest" is Pittsburgh Playhouse of Point Park University.
The event "Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest" is in Downtown.
The event "Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest" falls under the category Festivals, Theater, Kidstuff.
Here's the description of the event "Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest": The Pittsburgh Playhouse Fall Fest will offer several autumn-themed festivities including food, drinks, games, crafts, live music by local band The Hauntones, live action characters, tarot card readings, a commissioned fall mural for Instagram photos by Pittsburgh-based muralist Cara Rossetti, a “pop-up” Halloween-themed bar with specialty cocktails and a family-friendly Halloween Show titled Boo’s Halloween House Party. On weekends during the run of Fall Fast, Forbes Avenue will be closed for pedestrian traffic allowing visitors to enjoy local vendors and activities – this first fall festival of its kind in Downtown Pittsburgh.
4123928000.
"Killer Kocktail Class at Kingfly!" is at 2613 Smallman St., Pittsburgh.
"Killer Kocktail Class at Kingfly!" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 5-7 p.m..
The venue for the event "Killer Kocktail Class at Kingfly!" is Kingfly Spirits.
The event "Killer Kocktail Class at Kingfly!" is in Strip District.
"Fall Used Book Sale" is at 301 Lindsay Road, Scott Township.
"Fall Used Book Sale" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 5-7 p.m., Fri., Oct. 18, 12-4 p.m., Sat., Oct. 19, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. and Sun., Oct. 20, 10 a.m.-2 p.m..
The venue for the event "Fall Used Book Sale" is Scott Township Public Library.
The event "Fall Used Book Sale" is in Scott.
"Circle of Hope" is at 5 Hot Metal Street, Pittsburgh.
"Circle of Hope" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 5:30-8:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "Circle of Hope" is The Circuit Center and Ballroom.
The event "Circle of Hope" is in South Side.
"Brushes & Birds: Owl Edition" is at 700 Arch Street, Pittsburgh.
"Brushes & Birds: Owl Edition" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 5:30-8 p.m..
The venue for the event "Brushes & Birds: Owl Edition" is National Aviary.
The event "Brushes & Birds: Owl Edition" is in North Side.
"Milkshake & Cookies" is at 1 PPG Place, Pittsburgh.
"Milkshake & Cookies" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 6-9 p.m..
The venue for the event "Milkshake & Cookies" is Wintergarden at PPG Place.
The event "Milkshake & Cookies" is in Downtown.
"CLASS: Ankarsrum Basics with Ashley" is at 1725 Penn Ave, Pittsburgh.
"CLASS: Ankarsrum Basics with Ashley" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 6-8 p.m..
The venue for the event "CLASS: Ankarsrum Basics with Ashley" is In the Kitchen.
The event "CLASS: Ankarsrum Basics with Ashley" is in Strip District.
"GET SCHOOLED ART EXHIBIT AND BENEFIT FOR FEED THE CHILDREN" is at 2795 S Water Street, Pittsburgh.
"GET SCHOOLED ART EXHIBIT AND BENEFIT FOR FEED THE CHILDREN" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 6-9 p.m..
The venue for the event "GET SCHOOLED ART EXHIBIT AND BENEFIT FOR FEED THE CHILDREN" is Hyatt House.
The event "GET SCHOOLED ART EXHIBIT AND BENEFIT FOR FEED THE CHILDREN" is in South Side.
"Haunted Like Human @ Delanie's" is at 1737 E. Carson St, Pittsburgh.
"Haunted Like Human @ Delanie's" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 6:30-8:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "Haunted Like Human @ Delanie's" is Delanie's Coffee.
The event "Haunted Like Human @ Delanie's" is in South Side.
The event "Haunted Like Human @ Delanie's" falls under the category Acoustic.
Here's the description of the event "Haunted Like Human @ Delanie's": $10 suggested donation.
Nashville duo Haunted Like Human delves into inspired songwriting, sparse arrangements, and frisson-inducing harmonies that mark their music. With a background in poetry and prose, Dale Chapman's granular focus on language is simpatico with Cody Clark’s background in classical guitar, where each note carries its own weight. Limned with nostalgia, soaked in Southern gothic lore, the duo meticulously assembles songs to preserve the spirit of the stories they tell.
412-927-4030.
"Aberrant Kingdom Record Release Show" is at 242 51st Street, Pittsburgh.
"Aberrant Kingdom Record Release Show" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7 p.m.-12 a.m..
The venue for the event "Aberrant Kingdom Record Release Show" is Spirit Lodge.
The event "Aberrant Kingdom Record Release Show" is in Lawrenceville.
"Geek Out Gala" is at 1 Allegheny Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Geek Out Gala" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7-11 p.m..
The venue for the event "Geek Out Gala" is Carnegie Science Center.
The event "Geek Out Gala" is in North Side.
"“Nosferatu”: The Horror Classic, with Live Musical Accompaniment by Tom Roberts" is at 300 Beechwood Avenue, Carnegie.
"“Nosferatu”: The Horror Classic, with Live Musical Accompaniment by Tom Roberts" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7-9 p.m..
The venue for the event "“Nosferatu”: The Horror Classic, with Live Musical Accompaniment by Tom Roberts" is Andrew Carnegie Free Library Music Hall.
The event "“Nosferatu”: The Horror Classic, with Live Musical Accompaniment by Tom Roberts" is in Carnegie.
"Beowulf:a 1 person storytelling epic" is at 210 w 8th ave, Homestead.
"Beowulf:a 1 person storytelling epic" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7-9:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "Beowulf:a 1 person storytelling epic" is The Glitterbox Theater.
The event "Beowulf:a 1 person storytelling epic" is in Homestead.
"Unsung Hero Tour - Pittsburgh, PA" is at 1001 Fifth Ave., Pittsburgh.
"Unsung Hero Tour - Pittsburgh, PA" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7-11:59 p.m..
The venue for the event "Unsung Hero Tour - Pittsburgh, PA" is PPG Paints Arena.
The event "Unsung Hero Tour - Pittsburgh, PA" is in Uptown.
"Fall Fest" is at 350 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Fall Fest" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7:30 p.m., Fri., Oct. 18, 7:30 p.m., Sat., Oct. 19, 11 a.m.-7 p.m., Sun., Oct. 20, 11 a.m.-3 p.m., Thu., Oct. 24, 7:30 p.m., Fri., Oct. 25, 7:30 p.m., Sat., Oct. 26, 11 a.m.-7 p.m. and Sun., Oct. 27, 11 a.m.-3 p.m..
The venue for the event "Fall Fest" is Pittsburgh Playhouse of Point Park University.
The event "Fall Fest" is in Downtown.
"Waltz Screening + Q&A" is at 418 Walnut Street, Sewickley.
"Waltz Screening + Q&A" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7:30-10 p.m..
The venue for the event "Waltz Screening + Q&A" is The Lindsay Theater and Cultural Center.
The event "Waltz Screening + Q&A" is in Sewickley.
"“Simply Queen” a World Class Act- Tribute to “Queen” Coming to The Palace Theatre October 17th!" is at 21 W. Otterman St, Greensburg.
"“Simply Queen” a World Class Act- Tribute to “Queen” Coming to The Palace Theatre October 17th!" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7:30-9:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "“Simply Queen” a World Class Act- Tribute to “Queen” Coming to The Palace Theatre October 17th!" is The Palace Theatre.
The event "“Simply Queen” a World Class Act- Tribute to “Queen” Coming to The Palace Theatre October 17th!" is in Greensburg.
"Simply Queen" is at 21 W. Otterman St, Greensburg.
"Simply Queen" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "Simply Queen" is The Palace Theatre.
The event "Simply Queen" is in Greensburg.
"“Simply Queen” a World Class Act- Tribute to Queen Coming to The Palace Theatre October 17th!" is at 21 W. Otterman St, Greensburg.
"“Simply Queen” a World Class Act- Tribute to Queen Coming to The Palace Theatre October 17th!" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7:30-9:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "“Simply Queen” a World Class Act- Tribute to Queen Coming to The Palace Theatre October 17th!" is The Palace Theatre.
The event "“Simply Queen” a World Class Act- Tribute to Queen Coming to The Palace Theatre October 17th!" is in Greensburg.
"The Trees" is at 350 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"The Trees" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 7:30 p.m., Fri., Oct. 18, 7:30 p.m., Sat., Oct. 19, 2 & 7:30 p.m. and Sun., Oct. 20, 2 p.m..
The venue for the event "The Trees" is Pittsburgh Playhouse of Point Park University.
The event "The Trees" is in Downtown.
"Stymo The Band - Pittsburgh's Premier Cover Band" is at 230 West Station Square Drive, Pittsburgh.
"Stymo The Band - Pittsburgh's Premier Cover Band" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 8-11 p.m..
The venue for the event "Stymo The Band - Pittsburgh's Premier Cover Band" is Hard Rock Cafe.
The event "Stymo The Band - Pittsburgh's Premier Cover Band" is in Station Square.
"Halloween: Season of the Sketch" is at 943 Liberty Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Halloween: Season of the Sketch" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 8-9:30 p.m. and Fri., Oct. 18, 8-9:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "Halloween: Season of the Sketch" is Arcade Comedy Theater.
The event "Halloween: Season of the Sketch" is in Downtown.
"Bathe Alone" is at 400 Lincoln Ave, Millvale.
"Bathe Alone" will be open on Thu., Oct. 17, 8 p.m..
The venue for the event "Bathe Alone" is The Funhouse @ Mr. Smalls.
The event "Bathe Alone" is in Millvale.
"Books in the Afternoon" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Books in the Afternoon" will be open on Third Thursday of every month, 1 & 6 p.m..
The venue for the event "Books in the Afternoon" is Carnegie Library, Oakland.
The event "Books in the Afternoon" is in Oakland.
The event "Books in the Afternoon" falls under the category Literary.
Here's the description of the event "Books in the Afternoon": Lively discussions of contemporary fiction.
412-622-3114.
"Green Drinks: Sunrise Movement Pittsburgh" is at 212 Oakland Ave., Pittsburgh.
"Green Drinks: Sunrise Movement Pittsburgh" will be open on Third Thursday of every month, 6-8 p.m..
The venue for the event "Green Drinks: Sunrise Movement Pittsburgh" is Fuel & Fuddle.
The event "Green Drinks: Sunrise Movement Pittsburgh" is in Oakland.
The event "Green Drinks: Sunrise Movement Pittsburgh" falls under the category Food & Drink Event.
Here's the description of the event "Green Drinks: Sunrise Movement Pittsburgh": Green Drinks is a monthly, social event for people who care about the environment. February Green Drinks is hosted by Sunrise Movement Pittsburgh. Come learn more about their mission "to pressure elected officials to support a select committee on a Green New Deal and to promise to receive no donations from the fossil fuel industry." Add your voice to the movement! This event is organized by the Pittsburgh Chapter of Citizens' Climate Lobby. Under 21 are welcome. Light snacks provided.
412-682-3473.
"Reggae Night" is at 507 Foreland St., Pittsburgh.
"Reggae Night" will be open on Third Thursday of every month, 6:30-9:45 p.m..
The venue for the event "Reggae Night" is Allegheny City Brewing.
The event "Reggae Night" is in North Side.
"Landmark Lectures: People & Place - Bishop Benjamin Tucker Tanner & Family" is at 507 Foreland St., Pittsburgh.
"Landmark Lectures: People & Place - Bishop Benjamin Tucker Tanner & Family" will be open on Third Thursday of every month, 6:30-7:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "Landmark Lectures: People & Place - Bishop Benjamin Tucker Tanner & Family" is Allegheny City Brewing.
The event "Landmark Lectures: People & Place - Bishop Benjamin Tucker Tanner & Family" is in North Side.
"Real to Reel Documentary Film Series" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Real to Reel Documentary Film Series" will be open on Third Thursday of every month, 7 p.m..
The venue for the event "Real to Reel Documentary Film Series" is Carnegie Library, Oakland.
The event "Real to Reel Documentary Film Series" is in Oakland.
The event "Real to Reel Documentary Film Series" falls under the category Other Stuff.
Here's the description of the event "Real to Reel Documentary Film Series": A different documentary each month.
412-622-3114.
"Third Thursday Film Screenings" is at 1300 Western Ave., Pittsburgh.
"Third Thursday Film Screenings" will be open on Third Thursday of every month, 7 p.m..
The venue for the event "Third Thursday Film Screenings" is PCTV.
The event "Third Thursday Film Screenings" is in North Side.
The event "Third Thursday Film Screenings" falls under the category Other Stuff.
Here's the description of the event "Third Thursday Film Screenings": Screenings of political documentaries followed by discussion..
"VIVRANT THING" is at 4517 Butler St, Pittsburgh.
"VIVRANT THING" will be open on Third Thursday of every month, 10 p.m.-2 a.m..
The venue for the event "VIVRANT THING" is The Goldmark.
The event "VIVRANT THING" is in Lawrenceville.
"17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration" is at 5000 Forbes Ave., Pittsburgh.
"17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration" will be open on Mondays-Fridays, 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Continues through Dec. 17.
The venue for the event "17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration" is Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation.
The event "17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration" is in Oakland.
"White Noise" is at 6001 University Blvd, Wheatley Center, Moon Township.
"White Noise" will be open on Mondays-Fridays, 10 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Continues through Nov. 5.
The venue for the event "White Noise" is Robert Morris University Media Arts Gallery.
The event "White Noise" is in Moon.
"芸[Gei]: The Beauty of Ephemeral and Eternal" is at 5645 Butler Street, Pittsburgh.
"芸[Gei]: The Beauty of Ephemeral and Eternal" will be open on Mondays-Saturdays, 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Continues through Jan. 18.
The venue for the event "芸[Gei]: The Beauty of Ephemeral and Eternal" is Contemporary Craft.
The event "芸[Gei]: The Beauty of Ephemeral and Eternal" is in Lawrenceville.
"Pretzels For Pups!" is at 2705 S. Water Street, Pittsburgh.
"Pretzels For Pups!" will be open on Through Oct. 31, 11 a.m.-11 p.m..
The venue for the event "Pretzels For Pups!" is Hofbrauhaus Pittsburgh Brewery & Restaurant.
The event "Pretzels For Pups!" is in South Side.
"The Basement" is at 118 Locust St, Etna.
"The Basement" will be open on Thursdays-Sundays. Continues through Nov. 3.
The venue for the event "The Basement" is The Basement.
The event "The Basement" is in Etna.
"“THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE MIXTAPE” . . . A Burton Bar Experience  . . ." is at 4907 Penn Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"“THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE MIXTAPE” . . . A Burton Bar Experience  . . ." will be open on Wednesdays-Sundays, 5:30-9 p.m. Continues through Oct. 31.
The venue for the event "“THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE MIXTAPE” . . . A Burton Bar Experience  . . ." is Mixtape.
The event "“THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE MIXTAPE” . . . A Burton Bar Experience  . . ." is in Garfield.
"Miller Lite Thunder Thursdays Summer Music Series" is at 1877 Shriner's Way, Cheswick.
"Miller Lite Thunder Thursdays Summer Music Series" will be open on Thursdays, 6-9 p.m. Continues through Oct. 17.
The venue for the event "Miller Lite Thunder Thursdays Summer Music Series" is Pittsburgh Shrine Center.
The event "Miller Lite Thunder Thursdays Summer Music Series" is in Green Tree.
"An Evening with Edgar Allan Poe" is at 1000 McNeilly Rd., Pittsburgh.
"An Evening with Edgar Allan Poe" will be open on 17th of every month, 6 p.m..
The venue for the event "An Evening with Edgar Allan Poe" is Seton-La Salle High School.
The event "An Evening with Edgar Allan Poe" is in Mt. Lebanon.
"Zouk-Chata Night" is at 4909 Penn Ave., Pittsburgh.
"Zouk-Chata Night" will be open on Third Thursday of every month, 8:30 p.m.-1 a.m. Continues through Nov. 15.
The venue for the event "Zouk-Chata Night" is Los Sabrosos Dance Co..
The event "Zouk-Chata Night" is in Bloomfield.
"Walk-in Vaccine Hours" is at 1101 Western Ave., Pittsburgh.
"Walk-in Vaccine Hours" will be open on Tuesdays-Fridays, 8-10 a.m..
The venue for the event "Walk-in Vaccine Hours" is Western Pennsylvania Humane Society.
The event "Walk-in Vaccine Hours" is in North Side.
The event "Walk-in Vaccine Hours" falls under the category Other Stuff.
Here's the description of the event "Walk-in Vaccine Hours": 412- 321-4625.
"Museum of Illusions Pittsburgh’s Teacher Appreciation Week Sale" is at 267 N Shore Dr, Pittsburgh, PA 15212, Pittsburgh.
"Museum of Illusions Pittsburgh’s Teacher Appreciation Week Sale" will be open on Mondays-Sundays, 8-10 a.m..
The venue for the event "Museum of Illusions Pittsburgh’s Teacher Appreciation Week Sale" is Museum Of Illusions.
The event "Museum of Illusions Pittsburgh’s Teacher Appreciation Week Sale" is in Allentown.
The event "Museum of Illusions Pittsburgh’s Teacher Appreciation Week Sale" falls under the category Fashion.
Here's the description of the event "Museum of Illusions Pittsburgh’s Teacher Appreciation Week Sale": In honor of Teacher Appreciation Week, from May 4th to May 10th, we're excited to treat all teachers to FREE admission at the Museum of Illusions - no illusions here, just pure appreciation! It's our way of saying thank you for your hard work and dedication. Just show your valid teacher ID at the door and step into a world of wonder and enchantment.
*Offer available for walk-in visits only.
8569526085.
"Pittsburgh Scavenger Hunt: Pittsburgh’s Strength" is at 414 Grant St, Pittsburgh, PA 15219, USA, Pittsburgh.
"Pittsburgh Scavenger Hunt: Pittsburgh’s Strength" will be open on Ongoing, 8-10 a.m..
The venue for the event "Pittsburgh Scavenger Hunt: Pittsburgh’s Strength" is Let's Roam Customer Support.
The event "Pittsburgh Scavenger Hunt: Pittsburgh’s Strength" is in Downtown.
"New Choices Career Development Classes" is at 650 Smithfield Street, Suite 520, Pittsburgh.
"New Choices Career Development Classes" will be open on Mondays-Fridays, 9:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m..
The venue for the event "New Choices Career Development Classes" is Pennsylvania Women Work.
The event "New Choices Career Development Classes" is in Downtown.
"Thursday Adult Nature Walk" is at Pearce Mill Rd., Allison Park.
"Thursday Adult Nature Walk" will be open on Thursdays, 10 a.m.-12 p.m..
The venue for the event "Thursday Adult Nature Walk" is North Park.
The event "Thursday Adult Nature Walk" is in Allison Park.
The event "Thursday Adult Nature Walk" falls under the category Outside.
Here's the description of the event "Thursday Adult Nature Walk": Free & open to ages 18 & older. Meets rain or shine every Thursday of the year. Naturalists guide these walks. Park and meet at the Ice Skating Rink parking lot off Kummer Road.
724-935-1766.
"Puzzling Adventures Scavenger Hunt" is at 629 Smithfield St, Pittsburgh.
"Puzzling Adventures Scavenger Hunt" will be open on Ongoing, 10 a.m.-8 p.m..
The venue for the event "Puzzling Adventures Scavenger Hunt" is Puzzling Adventures Start & Finish Location.
The event "Puzzling Adventures Scavenger Hunt" is in Downtown.
"Lunch Break Yoga" is at 422 Wood Street, PITTSBURGH.
"Lunch Break Yoga" will be open on Tuesdays, Thursdays, 12-12:50 p.m..
The venue for the event "Lunch Break Yoga" is Crossbody Dance and Movement.
The event "Lunch Break Yoga" is in Downtown.
"Spellbound Escape Room" is at 116 E Pittsburgh Street, Lower Level, Greensburg.
"Spellbound Escape Room" will be open on Ongoing, 12-9 p.m..
The venue for the event "Spellbound Escape Room" is 60 Minute Missions Escape Room.
The event "Spellbound Escape Room" is in Greensburg.
"A Soto Zen Buddhist Sitting Group" is at 5700 Forbes Ave., Pittsburgh.
"A Soto Zen Buddhist Sitting Group" will be open on Tuesdays, Thursdays.
The venue for the event "A Soto Zen Buddhist Sitting Group" is Church of the Redeemer.
The event "A Soto Zen Buddhist Sitting Group" is in Squirrel Hill.
The event "A Soto Zen Buddhist Sitting Group" falls under the category Other Stuff.
Here's the description of the event "A Soto Zen Buddhist Sitting Group": http://citydharma.wordpress.com/schedule/
412-965-9903.
"Maude Movie Night" is at 5700 Forbes Ave., Pittsburgh.
"Maude Movie Night" will be open on Thursdays.
The venue for the event "Maude Movie Night" is Church of the Redeemer.
The event "Maude Movie Night" is in Squirrel Hill.
"International Women's Association of Pittsburgh" is at 5401 Centre Ave, Pittsburgh.
"International Women's Association of Pittsburgh" will be open on Thursdays.
The venue for the event "International Women's Association of Pittsburgh" is First United Methodist Church Pittsburgh.
The event "International Women's Association of Pittsburgh" is in Shadyside.
The event "International Women's Association of Pittsburgh" falls under the category Other Stuff.
Here's the description of the event "International Women's Association of Pittsburgh": Social, cultural club of American/international women.
412-421-6108.
"What They Say, What They Said" is at 117 Sandusky Street, Pittsburgh.
"What They Say, What They Said" will be open on Tuesdays-Sundays.
The venue for the event "What They Say, What They Said" is Andy Warhol Museum.
The event "What They Say, What They Said" is in North Side.
The event "What They Say, What They Said" falls under the category Visual Art.
Here's the description of the event "What They Say, What They Said": A collaboration between The Andy Warhol Museum, BOOM Concepts & Artists Image Resource (AIR). D.S. Kinsel’s mural is the project’s introductory iteration of prints installed on the Rosa Villa, a shuttered building across the street from The Warhol.
412-237-8300.
"Population Impact" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Population Impact" will be open on Mondays, Wednesdays-Sundays.
The venue for the event "Population Impact" is Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The event "Population Impact" is in Oakland.
The event "Population Impact" falls under the category Exhibits.
Here's the description of the event "Population Impact": How humans are affecting the environment.
412-622-3131.
"Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall" is at 4141 Fifth Ave., Pittsburgh.
"Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall" will be open on Mondays-Saturdays.
The venue for the event "Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall" is Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall.
The event "Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall" is in Oakland.
The event "Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall" falls under the category Exhibits.
Here's the description of the event "Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall": Military museum dedicated to honoring military service members since the Civil War through artifacts & personal mementos.
412-621-4253.
"Collectors" is at 621-623 E. Eighth Ave., Homestead.
"Collectors" will be open on Mondays-Fridays.
The venue for the event "Collectors" is Bost Building.
The event "Collectors" is in Homestead.
The event "Collectors" falls under the category Exhibits.
Here's the description of the event "Collectors": Preserved materials reflecting the industrial heritage of Southwestern PA.
412-464-4020.
"Permanent collection" is at 117 Sandusky Street, Pittsburgh.
"Permanent collection" will be open on Mondays-Fridays.
The venue for the event "Permanent collection" is Andy Warhol Museum.
The event "Permanent collection" is in North Side.
The event "Permanent collection" falls under the category Visual Art.
Here's the description of the event "Permanent collection": Artwork & artifacts by the famed Pop Artist.
412-237-8300.
"Permanent collection of European Art" is at 7227 Reynolds Street, Pittsburgh.
"Permanent collection of European Art" will be open on Tuesdays-Sundays.
The venue for the event "Permanent collection of European Art" is The Frick Pittsburgh.
The event "Permanent collection of European Art" is in Point Breeze.
The event "Permanent collection of European Art" falls under the category Visual Art.
Here's the description of the event "Permanent collection of European Art": 412-371-0600.
"Dinosaurs in Their Time" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Dinosaurs in Their Time" will be open on Mondays, Wednesdays-Sundays.
The venue for the event "Dinosaurs in Their Time" is Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The event "Dinosaurs in Their Time" is in Oakland.
The event "Dinosaurs in Their Time" falls under the category Exhibits.
Here's the description of the event "Dinosaurs in Their Time": Displaying immersive environments spanning the Mesozoic Era & original fossil specimens. Permanent.
412-622-3131.
"Dinosaurs in Their Time" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Dinosaurs in Their Time" will be open on Mondays, Wednesdays-Sundays.
The venue for the event "Dinosaurs in Their Time" is Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The event "Dinosaurs in Their Time" is in Oakland.
The event "Dinosaurs in Their Time" falls under the category Exhibits.
Here's the description of the event "Dinosaurs in Their Time": Displaying immersive environments spanning the Mesozoic Era & original fossil specimens. Permanent.
412-622-3131.
"Twilight Wish Foundation" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Twilight Wish Foundation" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Twilight Wish Foundation" is Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The event "Twilight Wish Foundation" is in Oakland.
The event "Twilight Wish Foundation" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Twilight Wish Foundation": Helping w/ special events.
1-877-839-9474.
"Pittsburgh Ski Club" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Pittsburgh Ski Club" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Pittsburgh Ski Club" is Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The event "Pittsburgh Ski Club" is in Oakland.
The event "Pittsburgh Ski Club" falls under the category Outside.
Here's the description of the event "Pittsburgh Ski Club": Year-round activities.
412-281-SKIS.
"Gateway Health Hospice" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Gateway Health Hospice" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Gateway Health Hospice" is Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The event "Gateway Health Hospice" is in Oakland.
The event "Gateway Health Hospice" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Gateway Health Hospice": Work with patients & their families. Training provided.
412-536-2020.
"Southwinds, Inc." is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Southwinds, Inc." will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Southwinds, Inc." is Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The event "Southwinds, Inc." is in Oakland.
The event "Southwinds, Inc." falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Southwinds, Inc.": Non-profit agency which provides quality residential care and life skills training for adults with developmental challenges throughout Allegheny County.
724-941-7600 x36.
"Voices for Animals of Western PA" is at 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh.
"Voices for Animals of Western PA" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Voices for Animals of Western PA" is Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The event "Voices for Animals of Western PA" is in Oakland.
The event "Voices for Animals of Western PA" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Voices for Animals of Western PA": Animal advocacy, rescue and adoption and environmental work.
877-321-4VFA.
"St. Anthony's Chapel" is at 1700 Harpster Street, Pittsburgh.
"St. Anthony's Chapel" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "St. Anthony's Chapel" is St. Anthony's Chapel.
The event "St. Anthony's Chapel" is in North Side.
The event "St. Anthony's Chapel" falls under the category Exhibits.
Here's the description of the event "St. Anthony's Chapel": Features 5,000 relics of Catholic saints.
412-323-9504.
"Riding for the Handicapped" is at 1700 Harpster Street, Pittsburgh.
"Riding for the Handicapped" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Riding for the Handicapped" is St. Anthony's Chapel.
The event "Riding for the Handicapped" is in North Side.
The event "Riding for the Handicapped" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Riding for the Handicapped": Seeking staff for the Therapeutic Riding Program. Knowledge of horses is not necessary.
412-364-9444.
"Independent Film Night" is at 208 S. Pennsylvania Ave., Greensburg.
"Independent Film Night" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Independent Film Night" is DV8 Espresso Bar & Gallery.
The event "Independent Film Night" is in Greensburg.
The event "Independent Film Night" falls under the category Submissions.
Here's the description of the event "Independent Film Night": Submit your film, 10 minutes or less. Screenings held on the second Thursday of every month.
724-219-0804.
"National Aviary" is at Allegheny Commons West, Pittsburgh.
"National Aviary" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "National Aviary" is National Aviary.
The event "National Aviary" is in North Side.
The event "National Aviary" falls under the category Exhibits.
Here's the description of the event "National Aviary": Home to more than 600 birds from over 200 species. W/ classes, lectures, demos & more.
412-323-7235.
"Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation" is at Allegheny Commons West, Pittsburgh.
"Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation" is National Aviary.
The event "Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation" is in North Side.
The event "Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation": Training docents for children and adult tours.
412-471-5808 x527.
"Venture Outdoors" is at Allegheny Commons West, Pittsburgh.
"Venture Outdoors" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Venture Outdoors" is National Aviary.
The event "Venture Outdoors" is in North Side.
The event "Venture Outdoors" falls under the category Outside.
Here's the description of the event "Venture Outdoors": Sponsoring a wide array of outdoor activities, including rock-climbing, nature walks, fishing, kayaking, canoeing, biking and more at various venues around the region.
412-255-0564.
"Goodwill Literacy Initiative" is at Allegheny Commons West, Pittsburgh.
"Goodwill Literacy Initiative" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Goodwill Literacy Initiative" is National Aviary.
The event "Goodwill Literacy Initiative" is in North Side.
The event "Goodwill Literacy Initiative" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Goodwill Literacy Initiative": Seeking tutors for math, writing & English as a Second Language. Free tutor training available.
412-390-2308.
"Assemble" is at 5125 Penn Ave, Pittsburgh.
"Assemble" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Assemble" is Assemble.
The event "Assemble" is in Garfield.
The event "Assemble" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Assemble": Seeking volunteers for after school & Saturday programs. Come make with kids w/ science, technology & art.
412-254-4230.
"Youth Outreach Union" is at 5125 Penn Ave, Pittsburgh.
"Youth Outreach Union" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Youth Outreach Union" is Assemble.
The event "Youth Outreach Union" is in Garfield.
The event "Youth Outreach Union" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Youth Outreach Union": Young-adult survivors of mental illness needed to support their peers. (Ages 14-27.)
412-391-1430.
"Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Greater Pittsburgh" is at 5125 Penn Ave, Pittsburgh.
"Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Greater Pittsburgh" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Greater Pittsburgh" is Assemble.
The event "Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Greater Pittsburgh" is in Garfield.
The event "Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Greater Pittsburgh" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Greater Pittsburgh": Adults to mentor young people from single-parent and at-risk homes.
412-363-6100.
"Free Ride! Recycled Bike Collective" is at 214 N. Lexington St., Pittsburgh.
"Free Ride! Recycled Bike Collective" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Free Ride! Recycled Bike Collective" is Free Ride!.
The event "Free Ride! Recycled Bike Collective" is in Homewood.
The event "Free Ride! Recycled Bike Collective" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Free Ride! Recycled Bike Collective": Volunteers & bike mechanics needed to staff weekly open shop hours & assist the general public earn bicycles & repair their own.
412-254-3774.
"Pittsburgh Quarterly" is at 1140 Fox Chapel Rd, Pittsburgh.
"Pittsburgh Quarterly" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Pittsburgh Quarterly" is Pittsburgh Quartley.
The event "Pittsburgh Quarterly" is in Fox Chapel.
The event "Pittsburgh Quarterly" falls under the category Submissions.
Here's the description of the event "Pittsburgh Quarterly": Looking for new work by local poets. Please check out Robert's poem "Home Movies" at http://pittsburghquarterly.com/between-the-issues-items/item/1082-home-movies.html..
"Senator John Heinz History Center" is at 1212 Smallman Street, Pittsburgh.
"Senator John Heinz History Center" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Senator John Heinz History Center" is Senator John Heinz History Center.
The event "Senator John Heinz History Center" is in Strip District.
The event "Senator John Heinz History Center" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Senator John Heinz History Center": Become a volunteer, tour guide, or concierge. Contact Sandra Baker.
412-454-6412.
"The Neighborhood Academy" is at 1212 Smallman Street, Pittsburgh.
"The Neighborhood Academy" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "The Neighborhood Academy" is Senator John Heinz History Center.
The event "The Neighborhood Academy" is in Strip District.
The event "The Neighborhood Academy" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "The Neighborhood Academy": Educational program for low-income students. Garfield.
412-362-2001.
"POWER" is at 1212 Smallman Street, Pittsburgh.
"POWER" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "POWER" is Senator John Heinz History Center.
The event "POWER" is in Strip District.
The event "POWER" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "POWER": Help women recovering from alcohol and other drug addictions. Swissvale.
412-271-0500 x125.
"The Lost Artists of the 1893 Chicago Exhibition." is at 8275 Ohio River Blvd, Pittsburgh.
"The Lost Artists of the 1893 Chicago Exhibition." will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "The Lost Artists of the 1893 Chicago Exhibition." is Eclectic Art & Objects Gallery.
The event "The Lost Artists of the 1893 Chicago Exhibition." is in Emsworth.
The event "The Lost Artists of the 1893 Chicago Exhibition." falls under the category Visual Art.
Here's the description of the event "The Lost Artists of the 1893 Chicago Exhibition.": Collectors Showcase.
412-734-2099.
"Fort Pitt Museum" is at 101 Commonwealth Pl., Point State Park, Pittsburgh.
"Fort Pitt Museum" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Fort Pitt Museum" is Fort Pitt Museum.
The event "Fort Pitt Museum" is in Downtown.
The event "Fort Pitt Museum" falls under the category Exhibits.
Here's the description of the event "Fort Pitt Museum": Reconstructed fort houses museum of Pittsburgh history circa French & Indian War & American Revolution.
412-281-9285.
"East End Community Thrift Shop" is at 101 Commonwealth Pl., Point State Park, Pittsburgh.
"East End Community Thrift Shop" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "East End Community Thrift Shop" is Fort Pitt Museum.
The event "East End Community Thrift Shop" is in Downtown.
The event "East End Community Thrift Shop" falls under the category Fundraisers.
Here's the description of the event "East End Community Thrift Shop": Men's, women's & children's clothing, blankets, sheets, pillows, toys, baby equipment and household items. Garfield.
412-361-3022.
"Pittsburgh Action Against Rape" is at 101 Commonwealth Pl., Point State Park, Pittsburgh.
"Pittsburgh Action Against Rape" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Pittsburgh Action Against Rape" is Fort Pitt Museum.
The event "Pittsburgh Action Against Rape" is in Downtown.
The event "Pittsburgh Action Against Rape" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Pittsburgh Action Against Rape": Daytime medical advocates, hotline work, special events and/or speakers bureau. South Side.
412-431-5665.
"Pittsburgh Sports League" is at 101 Commonwealth Pl., Point State Park, Pittsburgh.
"Pittsburgh Sports League" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Pittsburgh Sports League" is Fort Pitt Museum.
The event "Pittsburgh Sports League" is in Downtown.
The event "Pittsburgh Sports League" falls under the category Outside.
Here's the description of the event "Pittsburgh Sports League": Adult intramural leagues: volleyball, bowling, softball, tennis, basketball and more.
412-338-2133.
"Gay & Lesbian Community Center" is at 101 Commonwealth Pl., Point State Park, Pittsburgh.
"Gay & Lesbian Community Center" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Gay & Lesbian Community Center" is Fort Pitt Museum.
The event "Gay & Lesbian Community Center" is in Downtown.
The event "Gay & Lesbian Community Center" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Gay & Lesbian Community Center": Staffers in all areas to help this service organization & staffers for the phone line. Squirrel Hill.
412-422-0114.
"Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse" is at 214 N. Lexington, Pittsburgh.
"Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse" is Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse.
The event "Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse" is in Homewood.
The event "Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse": Seeking volunteers who like to work independently and are interested in art, crafts, DIY, organizing. Help is needed in the shop & assisting w/ staff run programs. Apply online.
412-473-0100.
"Pet Adoption League" is at 214 N. Lexington, Pittsburgh.
"Pet Adoption League" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Pet Adoption League" is Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse.
The event "Pet Adoption League" is in Homewood.
The event "Pet Adoption League" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Pet Adoption League": Westmoreland County no-kill shelter with many puppy mill rescues seeking foster homes and volunteers for all aspects of shelter operation: dog walking, cat cuddling, fund raising, etc. Yukon, PA.
724-953-9050.
"Washington County Literacy Council" is at 214 N. Lexington, Pittsburgh.
"Washington County Literacy Council" will be open on Ongoing.
The venue for the event "Washington County Literacy Council" is Pittsburgh Center for Creative Reuse.
The event "Washington County Literacy Council" is in Homewood.
The event "Washington County Literacy Council" falls under the category Volunteers.
Here's the description of the event "Washington County Literacy Council": Tutor training sessions offered.
724-228-6188.
